Triage process draft (#134)
jupyterlab/team-compass: docs/triage-process.md

For a **bug**:

* Description, preferably including screen shots
* Steps to reproduce
* Expected behavior
* Context: OS, browser, JupyterLab version, relevant output

For a **feature request**:

* Description of the problem
* Description of the proposed solution
* Additional context

**The item should represent real, relevant, feasible work**. In short, if a knowledgeable person were to be assigned this item, they would be able to complete it with a reasonable amount of effort and assistance, and it furthers the goals of the Jupyter project.

* Issues should be unique; triage is the best time to identify duplicates.
* Bugs represent valid expectations for use of Jupyter products and services.
* Expectations for security, performance, accessibility, and localization match generally-accepted norms in the community that uses Jupyter products.
* The item represents work that one developer can commit to owning, even if they collaborate with other developers for feedback. Excessively large items should be split into multiple items, each triaged individually, or into [team-compass](https://github.com/jupyterlab/team-compass) items to discuss more substantive changes.

# Triage process

> A bot will apply the `needs-triage` label to all new bugs and enhancement requests as they are filed. Existing items should also have this label applied as a one-time backfill.

Reviewer: We could probably drop the mention to labeling the existing items (although it will have to be done it is not relevant in the documented process).

> We should probably drop the issues targeting the `Reference` milestone when labeling existing issues.

I rephrase the sentence as the label could be applied using various technologies (we could for instance update the issue templates)

```suggestion
The `needs-triage` label is automatically to all new bugs and enhancement requests as they are filed.
```

On a regular basis, Jupyter contributors should review JupyterLab items tagged with `needs-triage`, starting with the oldest, and determine whether they meet the definition of ready.

> Once triaged, if the item is ready, the reviewer should remove the `needs-triage` label; no additional label is required. If there is not enough information in the item as filed, the triage reviewer should apply the `needs-requester-info` label and leave `needs-triage` in place. If an item has remained in `needs-requester-info` for more than 14 days without any follow-up communication, it should be closed due to insufficient detail.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could reuse `status:Needs Info` that we already have rather than creating a new `needs-requester-info`?

I would also style `needs-triage` as `status:Needs Triage` to match all other labels.

Reviewer: We could reuse the tag `status: Blocked` after 14days? And maybe wait for another 14days before closing the issue (we let an _answered_ issue opened 30days before closing it).

> With one hour or less of triage time per contributor per week, we should be able to triage all current and future issues in a timely manner. Our expectation is that every new item should be examined within a week of its creation.

Reviewer: Let's remove the first sentence as this should document the triage process.

```suggestion
Our expectation is that every new item should be examined within a week of its creation.
```

> # Next steps
> 
> Tag all current items in the issues list with `needs-triage`.
> 
> Set recurring times to review items at a convenient time for each contributor.
> 
> Track how many items are currently labeled with `needs-triage` and `needs-requester-info`, including the ages of each. Report on these metrics regularly such as at our weekly team meetings.

Reviewer: We should probably let those info out of the documented process.

```suggestion
```
